#LyX 2.3 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 544
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass article
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\use_microtype false
\use_dash_ligatures true
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry true
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\use_minted 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\leftmargin 1cm
\topmargin 2cm
\rightmargin 1cm
\bottommargin 2cm
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\is_math_indent 0
\math_numbering_side default
\quotes_style english
\dynamic_quotes 0
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Title
Manifesto
\end_layout

\begin_layout Author
Diego Andrade, PhD.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Today, I promise to myself fight constantly to chaos and mediocrity.
 I spent forty years of this magical time called life producing what I perceive
 as very little.
 I know this is a intangible reality created by our minds on a more non-uniform
 reality closed off to us.
 This I knew early on in my life probably around the time I was nine years
 old.
 I believe that we can harness immense powers from within.
 at my forty years of age I decide that it is enough of being a parasite
 to this planet.
 I am going to use all my powers for the best and the betterment.
 Of my own spirit and my body.
 I will help as many people as possible with m y connection and my ideas.
 There is not much time left, I know it in the bottom of my heart and I
 keep not doing anything.
 I will change all of these with a solemn invitation into my life to powerful
 thoughts to take possession of my physical body, my physical mind and my
 spirit to guide and transform me in what I think I should become.
 Today become a carcass of my own self to become what I have promised.
 I know it because it is looking back.
 I know because I felt it, in all its magnitude.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Quote
\noindent
I am changing into a better version one step at the time.
 for me and my family, for the betterment of humanity and my planet
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection*
Chaos and mediocrity
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Chaos is a measurement of time, yes it is.
 Chaos is a form of entropy and without entropy we can not measure time,
 maybe time itself is a construct and we can perceive it that way because
 it sudds our unvevolved hominidaid brain, maybe we can transcend it one
 day, in a different generation of evolved humans or maybe our descendants
 the machines can do it.
 For our case time is intangible incomprehensible but way to real to leave
 it as is.
 So time and chaos go hand to hand, there is no way we can win the fight
 agains time or disorder but we must try.
 But how do this, specially if we examine our behavior and our way of thinking,
 we go to autopilot most of the time.
 Our minds are bombarded with stimuli, the reality of our problems and mistakes
 does not come clear unless we make an effort to balance the inputs.
 The streams of data are vast but we can only manage as many inputs as we
 can speak back or move levers with our appendages, the input to output
 ratio is gigantic.
 In other words, we can not manage the sensory overload, and this is like
 so by design.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The best alternative to chaos is order but for us unique lifeforms – the
 perfect entropy mechanism adding disorder by simply existing – is not so
 easy 
\begin_inset CommandInset citation
LatexCommand cite
key "rovelli2018order"
literal "false"

\end_inset

.
 Because order presuppose a well thought off purpose, ideals and goals.
 Unfortunately in our society after eighteen to twenty one years of a shelter
 bringup the perfect path stops abruptly, no notion of a goal is known,
 and depression and anxiety settles.
 Many people can go for another decade in a haze to find themselves all
 of the sudden panic without meaning in their lives.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
This is also a feature of our universe our existence.
 For most of our time, we have to fight with this multitude of images and
 dreams and ideas, most of them are just unsolvable, vapor in the ether,
 mere nothing.
 But some are tangible are encompassing are possible.
 Those ideas and goals are where we have to aspire for.
 Of course, no-one can teach you to want to strive for but a measurement
 of a great goal is length and effort.
 Climbing a high mountain, running a marathon, playing a difficult song,
 drawing a portrait or meditate every day.
 Each one of those goals takes time to achieve and there lies again the
 possibility of meaning,effort as measure of it, chaos and entropy adds
 other dimensions, but time is a the center of the most important achievements.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Mediocrity is trying, yes exactly.
 We just merely try to fight chaos but not put all in, it is a simple change
 but not a complete change
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection*
Knowledge
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
This universe has many mysteries, too many mysteries, and few little answers.
 Even when we found an answer when we figure out a way of connecting the
 dots the universe has an underlying way of stopping our efforts.
 The majority is closed off to our minds.
 This does not mean that we can not achieve a minimal understanding of at
 least our sourrandings and the way our world works.
 It is most likely that we will never achieve complete knowlegde and it
 is mathematically proven (ref) that there are problems that are unsolvaable
 and questions that to do not have ansewers.
 To that point in my oponion knowsing how to ask a proper thesis is sometimes
 more valid that the answers.
 Formulations of a questions takes trully mastery and answering maybe years
 to a lifetime when a domainnew, and there is where proper progress resides.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection*
Adventure
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The called to adventure, 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsubsection*
The Plan in Action
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsubsection*
Body
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Work, I need to find a path that makes me more creative and really pushes
 me to learn even more, path that is transferable into a service or a business
 that can give to Rafa as a Legacy.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Gym, I still need to go to the gym but use my time effectively maybe find
 a couch, while playing basketball be smarter, stretch and be gentle with
 my knees
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsubsection*
Mind
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Meditate almost daily as many time as possible, take a nap, positive and
 negative thoughts, be a true stoic
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsubsection*
Spirit
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsubsection*
Meditation
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Help of others, there are ways of helping other, teach a class
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Have more real friendship, meaningful friendships
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsubsection*
Mind
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Learn how to play the guitar (triads)
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Code 7alent0 for yourself
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Learn German and Japanese
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsubsection*
Plan for my family
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Rafa's more engagement at school
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Tara and I have more meaningful time together
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Take tara for dates without previous knowledge and also do things together
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Be involved with Santy, My parents and Dany, los Serranos
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Plan Community maybe basketball
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Take care of my Bromeliads 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsubsection*
Plan for humanity
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
All the endeavors I have most be conducive to achieve my goals
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsubsection*
Plan for the planet
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Bring back the hummingbird to Quito
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset CommandInset bibtex
LatexCommand bibtex
btprint "btPrintCited"
bibfiles "manifestoBIB"
options "plain"

\end_inset


\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
